hello everyone and welcome to my tier
ranking of the uh it was gonna be 50 but
i added two more so 52 best with big ass
quotes lgbtq movies ever made i created
this list by going through about 16 or
best queer movies ever made lists
finding the movies i've actually seen
and putting them all together and coming
up with a tier list slay which is
they are like amazing movies must watch
fierce fantastic movies fine
which is kind of
they're good i like them they're not for
everybody flop
i don't like them honestly homophobic
these aren't necessarily actually
homophobic movies they are more so
i really don't like the movies people
have asked me for this kind of thing a
lot kind of recommendations for queer
movies so i figured this would be a fun
way to do it instead of me just you know
putting out a list on twitter actually
make a movie
make a movie about it i'm going to make
movies but not right now actually make a
video about it so i can monetize it
because
youtube likes to demonetize everything i
make so if it's just me sitting in a
chair i don't
i don't think they can demonetize this
they'll probably find a way to do
monetize this but i won't let them
because i won't say any dirty words
because i'm good and
innocent like that but before we
actually get to the list uh if you just
want to skip ahead to the list skip
ahead to chapter two but anyway i just
drank a lot of coffee little channel
life update there's a couple of new
videos coming out for september so be
excited for that or dread them because
one of them is talking about attack on
titan so depending upon your opinion on
that also in september i am moving to
toronto so there's going to be a little
bit of a gap between when we can make
the next video so we're going to try and
get some kind of in the can and ready to
go out before the move nick and i are
both moving to toronto very excited
about that we're moving because
as you know from the past we raised a
bunch of money for telos pictures to
make some queer inclusive movies not
queer inclusive queer movies and
where we live now there are no actors
and so we're moving to where there are
actors and we've already got people
applying so that's awesome and if you
like the stuff that i do i would really
appreciate it if you could sign up for
my patreon youtube consistently
demonetizes my videos they've stopped
rating them 18 plus which is nice but
they consistently demonetize the videos
so the only reason that nick and i are
still able to do this is because of
patreon and we've got some really cool
like bonus features patreon exclusive
podcast and all sorts of cool stuff like
that behind the scenes exclusive videos
there's lots over there so we would
really appreciate it if you have the
ability to sign up for patreon that
would be amazing uh if you don't want to
give your information out to patreon you
can also sign up as a youtube member and
get the same benefits as the patrons if
you can't sign up for patreon or the
youtube membership that's totally fine i
know not everyone is in the position to
be able to do that so you know just
liking and sharing and subscribing to
the channel is a huge huge help that's
the housekeeping done now let's move on
to the tier list the first movie we're
going to talk about is beautiful thing
which is a british movie that came out
in the early 2000s i believe uh about
two boys kind of growing up in not the
best area of england and kind of finding
each other and you know falling in love
and it's cute and stuff it's it's not my
favorite movie because it's very low key
but it's something that it's a gay movie
that isn't stressful it's not incredibly
stressful to watch which is a nice
change of pace so i'm going to rate it
as fine some people are going to hate me
for only putting it in fine but like i
said that's for the movies that are good
but maybe not for everyone maybe
everyone doesn't want the sort of
low-key thing so
that's where that goes more controversy
because the birdcage
is going in sleigh and let me explain my
reasoning for that i know a lot of
people think the birdcage is very
homophobic i disagree
the birdcage is if you haven't seen it
the birdcage is about two older gay men
who have a son together and their son is
marrying this lovely girl whose father
happens to be an extremely conservative
anti-gay politician drama ensues dragon
sues it's funny it's hilarious nathan
lane is perfection robin williams just
kind of cements his ally status he was
the whole reason the movie got made
it's based on the french movie and play
la caja fall which is also very good but
i do prefer the bird cage partially
because i absolutely adore robin
williams may he rest in peace next up is
bohemian rhapsody i'm torn
uh i wanna say it's honestly homophobic
but remy malek's performance is so good
i'm gonna put it in flop remy malik's
performance is really good and of course
you know you can watch it just for the
queen music but the kind of backstory of
the movie being made is very much the
band queen trying to remove as much
gayness from the movie as possible if
you know anything about the queer icon
that is freddie mercury you know that
removing his queerness is kind of hard
but they did their best yeah it just i
i'm not a huge fan of it the director
the original director was brian singer
but he you know disappeared and whatnot
the director who replaced him would go
on to make a much better queer biopic
the following year which we'll talk
about later on on the list it's a flop
remy malik is good though the rest of
the movie not so much next is bound
which is kind of iconic so it's going
into sleigh it's one of the very early
movies from the wachowskis it's
lesbian kinky wonderfulness it's got
gina gershon from showgirls it's got
jennifer tilly from
the chucky universe and it's it's really
good again probably not for everyone
just like the birdcage but as far as i'm
concerned
slay is kind of for the movies that are
iconic these are the iconic queer movies
that everybody should watch and bound is
absolutely iconic and not enough people
know about it everyone just thinks of
the matrix when they think of the witch
house keys and i'm like no the
wachowskis were doing stuff long before
the matrix that you should be paying
attention to for anyone who enjoyed
sense8 i think you will get something
out of bound so definitely worth
checking out next up we have
boy erased which is unfortunately
going into honestly homophobic because
the movie has
good intentions it wants to bring light
to the act of conversion therapy but in
doing so it cast a straight actor as the
kid being sent to conversion therapy
troye sivan is there to try and save it
for its gay cred and he does a fantastic
job by the way i don't know why he
doesn't get more job acting because more
jobs acting cause he's a fantastic actor
but it's just very much
this movie is being made to educate
straight people by straight people i
don't buy that i don't want that i don't
want movies made for straight people
about gay stuff straight people have
enough movies can we have our gay movies
at least boy erased goes into honestly
homophobic not because it's homophobic
just because i'm kind of like does it
need to exist i don't think it does next
up we have boys don't cry which again
i'm gonna put this into fine
because it is a fantastic movie amazing
performances hilary swank won an oscar
for it for good reason she did a
phenomenal job as brandon tina but god
dang it this movie is sad and depressing
and based on a true story so it's not
like you know it was like bury your
queers or anything like that it's a
phenomenal movie that's totally worth
watching
if you're in the right headspace but if
you're not in that headspace
don't watch it if this movie were made
today
and it was an actress playing a trans
mask character i would bury this movie i
would throw it under a bus okay so next
up we've got back-to-back boys in the
band the first version of the movie came
out in the late 60s i think it was 69 it
might have been 70. 1970. recent one
came out uh on netflix a couple of years
ago directed by ryan murphy the
original boys in the band i'm putting up
into fierce because when you look at the
time it was released like i said the
very very very early 70s late 60s it was
kind of revolutionary to have a movie
with the entire cast of characters is
queer and it was kind of revolutionary
because it looked at them as people with
you know problems and challenges and
they weren't perfect and again not the
happiest movie in the world directed by
william friedkin who would go on to who
had i believe already
if he hadn't already he was about to
direct the french connection he was
going to go on to direct the exorcist so
william friedkin and i believe he may
pop up somewhere else on this list i
can't remember and so the movie is
incredibly well made based on the play
so like i said kind of revolutionary the
netflix movie made a couple of years
later also really good actually has i
believe it all gay cast or all queer
cast at least but that one's going to go
in fine
because it is a really good movie and
it's totally worth watching and it may
be easier to watch that than the 60s one
just because a lot of people they can't
handle old movies for whatever reason it
is dealing with a lot of gay
self-loathing which i feel like we're
past that now i would hope that we're
past that now but it's a really good
movie and it does have an all-gay cast
whereas the original movie didn't
so it's kind of a toss-up between the
two of them of which one kind of gets
more gay points i'm putting the original
in fierce because of how revolutionary
it was at the time
and the remake in fine because it is
still a good movie and it is worth
watching and it does have an all gay
cast and a gay director and a gay writer
but the self-loathing can we get over it
please next up we have brokeback
mountain which i'm putting in honestly
homophobic hate me if you want but this
movie was is the epitome the epitome
of gay movie made for straight people
straight actors straight directors
straight writers straight people all
around it's
so made by straight people that they
didn't even clue in that having anal sex
after eating beans is not a great idea
and also based on a novella written by a
straight woman who has been kind of
problematic in the last couple of years
jake gyllenhaal and heath ledger do a
great job i don't know i just i i've
never got the appeal of the movie like
even when it came out everybody was
talking about it and i mean it was
months before i came to a theater near
me because i was in such a small town
and when it finally did come and i went
and saw it i was expecting to cry
because everyone said this movie so sad
i got to the end and he's there you know
crying into the shirt and everything and
i'm like
i don't get it still i don't i've
watched it since and i don't get the
emotional gut punch that people talk
about and you know a lot of gay people
and this is something i completely
understand did kind of put it up on a
pedestal and still hold it up on a
pedestal to this day because it was so
rare to have a gay love story happen in
a hollywood movie even though it was
independently produced a hollywood
studio had nothing to do with it it was
independent producers come out of the
hollywood machine so i understand why it
is put up on such a pedestal and it
confuses me like the movie made almost
200 million dollars worldwide on a
budget of like five cents you would
think there would have been a whole lot
more gay love stories at least coming
out in the coming years because it was
such a moneymaker and it never did
i wonder why and this movie also it
didn't start the trend but it kind of
cemented the trend of
let's show gay suffering and trauma so
that you know the straight people can be
like oh those poor gays
and we're gonna see a lot more of that
on this list we're gonna we're gonna do
gay suffering so an actor can get
nominated or win an oscar
okay
and we keep doing that next is not a
movie about gay suffering cabaret which
goes into slay because it is
maybe the best musical ever made it
takes place in weimar germany before the
rise of the third reich by the end of
the movie they have kind of risen but
it's before the bad stuff it starts
before the bad stuff really starts to
happen and
you
get to follow a bisexual love triangle
that is actually bisexual the men are
sleeping with the men and the women are
sleeping with the men and it's
very refreshing and very interesting and
i love that in the early 70s we got a
movie that won like
a bajillion oscars except best picture
that had at its core
a bisexual love triangle in a musical
and the music is fantastic it's kind of
gone down in history as the musical for
people who hate musicals i don't hate
musicals i love musicals but cabaret is
like the best musical i adore cabaret
and bear in mind the only reason it
didn't get best picture pictures because
it came out the same year as
the godfather so next we have call me by
your name another honestly homophobic
movie though i love the chalamet
sometimes not so much in dune this is
another movie that was
obviously made
for straight people at least it feels
like it was boring it was very boring i
know a lot of gay people love this movie
specifically gay men really love this
movie and are very willing to overlook
the
let's say questionable age difference i
found it so boring brokeback mountain
was boring too a lot of gay movies that
like everyone loves i find so boring the
stereotype of gay people is that we're
so exciting and flamboyant and you know
we've got the feather boas and the drag
and everything and then the movies that
everyone is like oh my god i love that
gay movie it's so fantastic it's the sad
gays who just cry at the end of the
movie if they're not crying into a
fireplace they're crying into a shirt so
honestly homophobic and the book is also
horrible don't read it next though we
have a really good gay movie but i'm a
cheerleader which is going into fierce
because it is a really fun movie
definitely not for everyone anyone who's
kind of gone through any kind of type of
conversion therapy probably not the best
movie for them to check out because it
does it seems like it's making fun of
conversion therapy that it's like a very
heightened version of conversion therapy
but from the people i've talked to who
have been through it are like the more
you know about conversion therapy the
more this becomes a horror movie because
it's a lot more real than you would
expect and you know it has a happy
ending which is
rare for gay movies to just kind of have
a happy ending
that's especially in the 90s it was kind
of rare i wish we could go back to the
happy endings in gay movies the next
movie absolutely does not have a happy
ending that is the children's hour which
is fierce because it is a phenomenal
movie but oh damn is it sad i talked
about it in my history of gay movies
video so for more detail you can go
there basically women as a teacher gets
accused of being a lesbian basically
loses her life and then kills herself so
not for everyone not for everyone but it
is just so good gotta be in the right
mindset which means i should put it in
fine but i'm putting it in fierce
because it's just so good and the time
of which it came out at the time in this
in the 60s actually worked to humanize
queer people a little bit next we have
cruising starring al pacino which i
talked about in i think monsters in the
closet it's a pretty good movie but it
is actually kind of homophobic so i feel
like i gotta put it down there because
it is actually honestly homophobic i
don't think they meant it to be
i think they had good intentions but
it's still
[Music]
not the best next we have a twofer
first up is dallas buyers club which
is all about a straight guy
with hiv fighting for the ability to get
treatment instead of being a movie about
say act up or gay men's health crisis or
something like that
uh it's about a straight texan and this
is one where jared leto plays a trans
sex worker and of course won an oscar
for it because queer suffering and of
course the movie about fighting to get
treatment for people with hiv stars
the straightest actor in hollywood i'm
putting this in honestly homophobic
because it honestly kind of is i don't
know if there were any gay people who
worked on that movie did you have to
cast a cis straight man as a transgender
woman did the main character have to be
a cis straight man dealing with hiv did
it have to be again this is another one
of those movies that's obviously made
for straight people which is again like
i said a twofer followed up by the
danish girl
starring eddie redmayne uh again
honestly homophobic in this case
transphobic because again a man playing
a trans woman isn't great because here's
a clue here here's some information for
people who
don't quite get why that's a problem
when it comes to trans characters you
are telling the audience that this man
is pretending he is acting
as literally acting as a woman in the
story and then people get it in their
heads that trans people are just men
acting as women or women acting as men
that is problematic and that is bad and
that is something that we need to stop
doing and i think eddie redmayne has
actually come out since this movie and
said you know if this was being made
today i wouldn't take the role maybe you
say you wouldn't take the role because
you didn't win an oscar for this one but
you know he's still working with joanne
so yeah it goes into honestly homophobic
next is the life and death of marsha p
johnson which goes into slay it's a
fantastic documentary about marsha p
johnson there should be like an actual
hollywood movie about her at this point
but there still isn't it is absolutely
worth watching because the history
is so important to know because there
are so many figures in
what we call the gay rights movement who
were actually trans women and we give
them no credit and it is just huge like
trans erasure by
not giving these women credit for the
things that they did and also again kind
of doing the danish girl thing by saying
like oh you know men fought for the gay
rights and then you see marsha b johnson
and you think oh maybe that's a drag
queen no marsha p johnson was a woman
that's why i think everyone needs to
watch this documentary which is followed
up oddly by disclosure another sleigh
which is a documentary that's on netflix
which is about trans representation in
media over
about the last century which is first of
all an incredibly well made documentary
but also points out all the problems
with with having
cis actors playing trans characters and
how that can really kind of give the
audience the impression that being trans
is just acting it gives so much
information and such a quick
just
in such a quick time absolutely worth
the watch check it out
it's on netflix everybody has netflix go
watch it next we have a movie that is
little known among the youthful gays
edge of 17 which is a movie that came
out in the 90s but it takes place in the
80s about two boys who fall in love in
the 80s lots of awesome the soundtrack
is phenomenal i saw this movie on cable
when i was really young it was on at
like two in the morning i think i was
like 10. i just immediately fell in love
with it i can't it's been a while since
i watched it but it was really good and
i had such a crush on the blonde guy
he's got bleach blonde hair i had such a
crush on him totally worth the watch but
i'm gonna put it in fine because it is
very much of the time
and so maybe not for everybody
but absolutely worth watching especially
if you're around my age and it's a movie
that you probably should have seen at
that time frame you know it's kind of
the
gay never been kissed kind of thing
every 12 year old girl saw never been
kissed but every 12 year old boy did not
see edge of 17. so definitely worth
watching it now to pick up on it next we
have everything everywhere
all at once which i'm not going to talk
too much about it goes into slay but i'm
not going to talk too much better
because there is a video coming out
dealing with everything everywhere all
at once i'm just going to say watch it
all right so
next we have a movie that
i'm willing to bet a lot of you actually
haven't heard of it's called heavenly
creatures
and it was directed by peter jackson
before lord of the rings it was actually
the movie that convinced new line cinema
to allow him to make lord of the rings
it got pj an oscar nomination for best
original screenplay i think it might
have been adapted screenplay but best
best screenplay it's just this very sad
but beautiful story of
two teenage girls
kind of falling in love and it's this in
new zealand in the 1950s i think it
might be the early 60s but it's that
time period the sort of surrealist world
they have to create where they can go
and be themselves because
in the real world everyone is pushing
against them it's an incredibly
beautiful movie it's kate winslet before
titanic it's peter jackson before lord
of the rings it's
absolutely worth watching it is
it's a beautiful movie so heavenly
creatures goes into fierce
next is
hedvig and the angry inch which i'm
putting into slay immediately because it
is phenomenal i know a lot of people
find it
a bit problematic because the main
character hedvig is a born a boy and
growing up in east berlin and meets an
american military
general i think
and falls in love but in order to get
married and get out of east berlin has
to have gender reassignment surgery
which doesn't go over well the angry
inch and so it's kind of this weird
middle ground of choosing to be trans
but not really wanting to be but then
accepting the role of the woman and so
it's
a lot of people find it problematic but
the way i kind of look at it now as the
creator of hedvig john cameron mitchell
has come out as non-binary i kind of see
it as more
of
them exploring
that sort of non-binary identity that in
between between man and woman it's just
fantastic and the music is amazing and
john cameron mitchell was fantastic in
it they got nominated for a golden globe
but not an oscar which i feel is just a
slap in the face that should have been
nominated for an oscar for the next
movie we have another documentary and
i'm putting it in fierce it's called how
to survive a plague
which is the story of act up which is
basically the reason that treatments for
aids and hiv
actually became available to people they
were a nice way of saying it is that
they were a protest movement
um
straight people at the time would maybe
even go so far as to call them
terrorists
but they were not they were a protest
movement fighting to make aids treatment
available
and they're the only reason that hiv and
aids today
is considered a very livable disease
it's something that if you're diagnosed
with it's not a death sentence anymore
you take a pill every day and you're
probably good and it's because of these
people that we got there and the fact
that thousands of them had to die
literally fighting for their lives
before we could get there
because the government especially in the
united states was so just
the government just didn't give a damn
and i feel like their story really ought
to be told because there are a lot of
people who don't know the story of act
up and don't know the story of the gay
men's health crisis and don't know the
story of hiv and aids and they just know
that it used to kill you and now it
doesn't and it's like yeah but the story
of how we got there is so important and
necessary i feel like a lot of people my
age and younger don't appreciate it so
much because we came of aids after
protease inhibitors kind of kicked in
really necessary viewing
for people who don't know the full
context of what was going on in the 80s
and early 90s next we have the imitation
game which i'm putting into honestly
homophobic because
we have a person a real life person in
alan turing who was gay and the movie
basically ignores it until the last five
minutes and they're like oh and he was
chemically castrated by the government
has had
they focused on his achievements which
were
amazing achievements in scientific
fields and basically won world war ii
for the allies but the movie doesn't
really deal with the fact that he won
world war ii
for the allies for england and then
england punished him by chemically
castrating him and putting him in a
state where he killed himself it very
much glosses over it in the end i would
have put it into flop because of that
but the writer of the screenplay very
vehemently
said
i this is not a gay movie girl you wrote
a movie
about a gay man
and you are saying it's not a gay movie
i am sorry you have mistaken your
screenplay for something that it is not
and so because of that it goes into
honestly homophobic next we have in and
out which is a comedy from the mid 90s
which is about a man who thinks he's
straight for most of his life and then
realizes he's gay just as he's about to
get married and it's kind of about his
coming out process and he's
uh late 30s early 40s ish so you know
he's oh god older oh i feel old now and
it did really well in the 90s and was
really well liked in the 90s it is very
of its time though it is very
much a 90s movie so i'm gonna put it in
fine
because it's not the best movie ever
made by any means it's not the best gay
movie ever made it's not
great
but it's worth a watch like if you're
bored and you've watched all the other
movies on the list that i'm recommending
it's worth putting it on to just kind of
see where the mindset of
hollywood was when it came to gay people
in the mid 90s next we have the movie
kill your darlings which i used a bunch
of footage from
in
the
recent uh queer panic video in that
section of the queer panic video it is
the story of that that's what the
movie's about it's not a great movie it
puts a lot more
humanity i think into the character
slash real person of lucian carr than he
had in real life who may or may not be
the progenitor of the demon twink but it
is a well-made movie and the
performances are really good and there's
you know a gay sex scene between deng de
haan and daniel radcliffe so i can't say
it's a flop so i'm going to put it in
fine but maybe seek out a documentary
about the murder if you actually want to
know what happened and the whole
conflict and everything because it's a
bit more complicated than the movie
portrays which is a running theme
apparently because the next movie is
king cobra which is a highly
fictionalized version of the murder of
brian coaches i talk about this in my
documentary making it big it's the story
of kind of the drama between brian
coaches and brent corrigan sean lockhart
the movie has some
really solid performances in there
especially from garrett clayton and
christian slater they do a fantastic job
in it gary clayton is a lot more
built
than brent was at the time considering
brent was legitimately underage during
his time working with brian it's
probably better to have him look a
little older but the problem with the
movie is that it does not tell the truth
it erases real people it kind of
moves blame onto
different people that weren't to blame
it doesn't make brian look
completely innocent
but it kind of goes out of its way to
say isn't it sad that he's dead and it's
like well it's sad when anyone is
murdered but brian coaches was kind of
an absolutely trash person the movie
really goes out of its way to
make it seem like he wasn't i think they
were trying to do that in the screenplay
phase to get the family to allow them to
use his name which they did not anyway
that goes into flop because i know the
story of brent corrigan slash sean
lockhart very well intimately and i know
that there is a much better movie to be
made of it than was made in king cobra
so next we have the looking movie which
was produced by hbo as a sort of
consolation for not giving it a final
season it's fine
i think the movie is actually better
than the show i watched most of the show
and i just could not get into it i tried
it like i was expecting it to try and be
a new queers folk and it was so boring
the fact that i got through as much of
the show as i did is entirely because of
jonathan groff but the movie is better
than the show and so i'm putting it in
fine it's worth watching if you did
watch the show if you haven't watched
the show don't bother because it means
you have to watch the show to know
what's going on in the movie and then i
just i don't recommend watching the show
next up we have the very controversial
love simon based on the book by becky
albertalli
simon in the homo sapien agenda which i
really liked the book and at the time i
really liked the movie i do think the
movie's really cute but it is very much
a movie i i think the filmmaker the film
the director
um i'm pretty sure he was like meant to
make a movie for gay teenagers but what
it turned into was a movie
for teenage girls and their moms
to kind of go ah aren't the gays cute
and that's what it became on social
media so it's it's not a bad movie i'm
also annoyed that the the lead actor is
ostensibly straight i don't think he's
come out one way or the other i think
he's kind of
remained vague about it you're making a
movie with a gay lead character find a
gay actor please they made such a big
deal of this movie being so gay and it's
like you couldn't find a gay actor
in all of hollywood really but i'm gonna
put it in fine
because it's not a bad movie but if
you're kind of older and cynical as i
have become since the movie came out
you're probably not going to enjoy it
okie dokie so next we have mambo
italiano which was a canadian movie made
in the early 2000s and kind of aped the
um my big fat greek wedding thing except
it was italian even though they actually
shared a lot of the same actors for the
supporting cast because
they were like well greeks and italians
they look alike it's mediterranean
what's the difference and it's a cute
movie like it i wouldn't say it's like
peak cinema or anything but it's worth
watching
it's not offensive is it as good as my
big fat greek wedding
no but neither was the sequel to my big
factory wedding i'm gonna put it in fine
fine is the middle of the road that
seems to be where most of the movies are
ending up so that makes sense so yeah
worth watching if you're looking for
something very light-hearted that you
can just put on and kind of enjoy and
not have to think about too much
and if you want to be exposed to
canadian cinema before i do that to you
before i expose you to canadian cinema
sounds so ominous anyway next we have a
movie from the czech republic called
mandragora which i accidentally watched
when i was a teenager it's it's a long
movie it's like three hours long maybe
even longer about a teenage sex worker
in prague i believe it's like it's dark
as far as like tone it's not dissimilar
from requiem for a dream so if you've
seen requiem for a dream and you're like
i can deal with that for three and a
half hours and reading subtitles
absolutely worth watching because it's
actually a phenomenal movie and nobody
like hears about this movie i added this
to the list because it's really good
it's not on any of the lists because
they all ignore movies that aren't in
english but i added this to the list
because it is really good so i'm putting
it in fierce
because it is a really really good movie
next we have maurice which is the movie
that made every gay man in the world
fall in love with hugh grant and it's
really good it's a very it's a very
certain type of movie it is um if you've
seen any other merchant if you know what
a merchant ivory film is you know what
the kind of movie i'm talking about it's
very slow it's not the most exciting
movie in the world but it is really well
made and hugh grant does a fantastic job
in it as a period piece watching a gay
story take place pre-1960s
it's almost a novelty while watching the
movie
and so i'm gonna put it in fierce the
next movie is
mayor pete
a documentary about pete
butterjudge the next movie is milk the
2008 film starring sean penn as harvey
milk directed by gus van sant i
loved this movie i haven't watched it
since 2010
i think somewhere around there it came
out while i was in film school and i saw
it five times in theaters and i cried
every time the ending of the movie with
the candles going down the street i just
bawled every time total
crying mess i took i went so many times
because i just kept taking different
people i was in school with to the movie
and so i'm putting this in sleigh
because it is an amazing movie
it should have won best picture that
year in my humble opinion it's a movie
that really makes you wonder okay if
harvey milk
had not been murdered how much further
along would gay rights have been not
just today but like say in the 80s in
the 90s at least in like even even just
limiting it to california how much
further would gay rights have been in
california would it have been 2004
before the mayor of san francisco said
i'm going to start performing
same-sex marriages would that have maybe
happened in the 80s or the 90s had
harvey milk been around to kind of be
the mouthpiece for the movement that we
really needed and
never got
again really there was never a sort of
martin luther king figure for the lgbt
rights movement and harvey milk was kind
of being set up to be that figure but
died before he could really get a
national
stage he may have been the first gay
person to be elected to congress at
least the first out gay person and of
course you have to take into context
that would he have lived through the
aids crisis and all of that but even
then you know it's just it's interesting
to think about how much further along we
might have been had dan white not
apparently eaten too many twinkies and
went and killed harvey milk and mayor
moscone that day in san francisco and
next we have monster which is going
directly into the fierce category it's
not going into slay because it is
dark but it is charlize thrawn at her
best everyone says she won the oscar
because she got ugly for the role i i do
not believe that for one minute she
deserved that oscar because of the
performance she gave it was phenomenal
it was her being amazing it was patty
jenkins being amazing before she had too
much control and ruined the second
wonder woman movie it was really really
good and we don't have enough movies
about lesbian serial killers so if you
are in a dark mood put on monster it's
it's a really phenomenal movie it's kind
of been forgotten over the last 20 years
it's like oh that movie that charlize
thrawn won her oscar for yeah but it's
actually a really good movie and i'd
also like to point out which nick just
reminded me of
charlize thrawn has a trans child who is
she is very protective of
and she's a huge ally so support
charlize thrawn
always next we have moonlight the movie
that lost best picture to lala land i
mean no it won best picture right faye
dunaway doesn't think so
she she's still angry about the gays and
mommy dearest
it go it goes into slay it's a lot of
people were like oh it's going to be the
black brokeback mountain it's like
that's not how movies work you know it
follows this person this gay person
through their life it's not about their
relationship with someone it is about
them
being
a person and they're gay but they are
first and foremost a person
who is growing up in this kind of
environment that
you know the overall environment is
toxic toward gay people hyper masculine
thug crime environment but in the end of
the movie he finds someone who allows
him to kind of exit that a little bit
and we don't know if you know he leaves
the life of crime or anything like that
but
for a moment
he is allowed to leave that and be
just
a person instead of a gangster you know
he lets he's allowed to let the facade
drop and watching the progression of
this character go from this
innocent child to this teenager trying
to make it through with an incredibly
abusive mother
to this man who has put up every
possible wall to protect himself from
the world and the people in it
to get to the end of the movie and see
him let some of those walls drop for one
person
it's incredibly touching and i am so sad
that it's really for so many people just
remembered as the movie that won best
picture instead of la la land instead of
it being you know one of the best movies
made in the last 20 years so next we
have
mulholland drive david lynch's
lesbian fever dream if you've never seen
a david lynch movie this is probably a
safe place to start no no
i i don't know what i would recommend
being the first david lynch movie to
watch but mulholland drive is i think
along with blue velvet tied for his best
movie naomi watch deserved best actress
for this movie if you have seen it you
know what i'm talking about because she
runs the gamut from like
innocent girl moving from the midwest to
california to be an actress to
rung out actress who has been put
through it by the system and the
hollywood system and is just
you know
left a junkie in the end oh my god it's
such a good movie i i'm still angry that
david lynch didn't win best director for
this movie because there is there are
moments of this movie that
reach a level in filmmaking
that other movies could only hope to
reach there is a moment that is
considered the most terrifying moment in
film history and this isn't a horror
movie this and it's not a gory thing
it's just
the existence of a type of person and
it's considered more horrifying than
like anything else ever made and that
has nothing to do with the whole the
main storyline which is about amnesia
and all sorts of stuff it's
watch it but watch it when you have
absolutely nothing else to do and all of
your like phone and your phone and
computer and everything is off because
you need to pay attention to this movie
and then watch it again
and suddenly everything will click it's
one of those movies you gotta watch
twice so
yeah mulholland drive goes up to sleigh
because it's one of my favorite movies
flop is missing so many movies i know
i'm seeing so much nicer this time i
filmed this video once before and i was
much meaner the last time alright so the
next movie is
my own private idaho uh it's going up
into fierce oh maybe fine see it's
better than the movies in fine but it's
a movie that's kind of like
you need to be in the right mood to
watch my own private idaho yeah but man
dragora also is that kind of mood and
the children's hour so i'm not really
following that rule yeah i'm not
following the fine rule at all i'm
following my heart's rule the movie
stars keanu reeves in probably his best
performance of his entire career
and river phoenix also giving his best
performance of his entire career and
watching it now it's so
like the movie is sad in itself but
seeing what river phoenix was capable of
and then knowing that he died not long
after the movie was made
is like wow we've lost a huge talent so
it's it's it's like it's a sad movie
anyway but it's even sadder with the
real life context so next we have the
normal heart
which is a relatively recent movie from
i think it was hbo based on the play of
the same name by larry kramer which is a
fictionalized account of the creation of
act up in the gay men's health crisis so
it's kind of following the same
story-ish of how to survive a plague but
with kind of different people it's
fictionalized because larry kramer had a
habit of writing things about his
friends and his friends being very angry
at him about it so he fictionalized it
and they still knew who they were anyway
the the cast is kind of split between
straight actors and gay actors it's
directed by ryan murphy and ryan murphy
i think is a much better film director
than
sort of show runner for tv his tv shows
are like great for half a season and
then fall off but his movies don't have
time to fall off so they just kind of
sustain their goodness so the normal
heart is going into
fierce not just because it's a good
movie but because people need to know
more about that
time period
and they need to know about the people
who were actually fighting instead of
saying that nancy reagan was a champion
of human rights if you know who i'm
talking about you know who i'm talking
about so next we have paris is burning a
documentary about the ballroom scene in
new york city in the 1980s which a
couple of years ago i would have put
into slay but have recently found out
that there's some behind-the-scenes
stuff that sucks being that the
filmmakers have been very cagey with the
people they made the documentary about
like
were kind of perfectly fine with them
living in poverty and didn't try and do
anything to help them or anything like
that and they were just like let's make
a movie about these people so although
it is iconic for any drag queen and for
any queer person who has watched it
anyone who's been involved in the
ballroom scene at all if you have
watched a single season of drag race you
have heard a thousand quotes from this
movie but i gotta put it in flop just
because of how the producers ended up
treating the people they were making
this documentary about
so next we have philadelphia which stars
tom hanks
and
antonio banderas and denzel washington
it was directed by jonathan demi right
after silence of the lambs and it was
his way of apologizing to the gay
community for silence of the lambs
because lots of gay people were angry at
him and lots of trans people were angry
at him for silence of the lambs and so
he felt like he needed to apologize by
making a movie
humanizing
people in the gay community especially
aids victims which was very good at the
time because it did kind of you know
with tom hanks who had the one-two punch
of getting best actor for philadelphia
and forrest gump one after the other and
it's a very well made movie but
my problem with it is that it is
very much oh look how the gays do suffer
and so even though it's incredibly well
made i gotta put it in flop because i am
really just over the
oh look how the gays suffer movies yeah
so sorry next we have the iconic the
impenetrable pink flamingos which i want
to put into slay because i absolutely
love it but i'm not going to because i'm
going to put into fierce
because you need to be in the right
mindset to watch pink flamingos you need
to be in the right mindset to watch most
of john waters movies barring like hair
spray and cereal mom but pink flamingos
in particular because there are some
scenes people might consider
to be in bad taste
maybe if you have recently watched
cello 120 days of sodom
then this would be a good palette
cleanser for you
okay we just had to do a little cut
because the hard drive wanted to crap
out right where we're getting to the end
of it so next up priscilla queen of the
desert which i'm gonna put into
fierce because how can i not put it into
fears again talked about this in the
camp video which is like two hours long
but you should totally go watch it cause
like nobody did priscilla is hilarious i
find that a lot of americans don't find
it funny and i wonder if it's like a uh
there's a disconnect between american
comedy and comedy from all the
commonwealth nathan
nathan's
nations like the uk and ireland and and
canada and australia and new zealand
america's comedy is kind of different
you've got a great performance from hugo
weaving before the matrix and lord of
the rings you got a great performance
from guy pierce before like memento and
stuff like that and guy pierce is just
like totally sexy the entire time he's
on screen and a great performance from
terence stamp who is playing
again
a man playing a trans woman but
considering the time when which this
movie was made that was kind of
brave i hate saying that that it was
brave but you know it could have been
like a career killer at the time but he
just did it so well
and but you know if this movie was made
today i would be like demanding that
that character be played by a trans
person considering it's like almost 30
years old i kind of have to look at it
with that framing of how many movies
had trans
characters
who were wholly sympathetic
at that time and this one does have a
wholly sympathetic trans character and
so i'm like
okay me a cis person will forgive you
for that but if you're trans i totally
get it if you'd like to hate the movie i
totally get it next up we have rocket
man which is the better version of
bohemian rhapsody same director much
better so much gayer actually has gay
sex in there between taran edgerton and
richard madden which is like put me in
between those two please and it doesn't
shy away from the gay it doesn't shy
away from the queerness it doesn't it's
not like
it's very gay and very truthful that was
one of the nice things is that elton
john was like there's no point in making
a movie about me
if
we try and sanitize it and so they
didn't he is a drug addict and he does
have problems and stuff like that the
ending of the movie is him kind of
overcoming a lot of that stuff and so
it's fantastic it's so so good and then
taryn edgerton ended up like becoming
really good friends with elton john and
narrated his audiobook and everything
it's it's just a fantastic movie really
really good so i'm gonna put it
in
fierce
next we have the rocky horror picture
show which is so many people's first
queer movie i think i've got to put it
in fierce again because
it is it's so good i mean it's bad but
it's so good
it you know introduced the world to tim
curry so that alone is worth putting it
in fears it inspired generations upon
generations of baby drag queens i know
that some of the lyrics
are problematic sweet transvestite from
transsexual transylvania but it's it is
pure camp and the thing is the movie is
very aware that it's problematic you
know not trying to say that any of these
people are great people because even it
like acknowledges that brad and janet
are boring and not entirely against the
idea of cheating on each other with the
right sweet transvestite or
kind of newly born sexy man so yeah i
love rocky horror um
i'm kind of tempted to move it up to
sleigh to be honest
yeah it has to it's iconic it's an
iconic queer movie it has to next we
have stonewall directed by roland
emmerich best known for anonymous
and also independence day and that
god-awful godzilla movie he is gay and
he wanted to make a movie that would
kind of tell the historical story of
stonewall from the point of view of a
midwestern
blonde white boy who happened to be
there and started the gay revolution
um instead of the people who were
actually there fighting the cops who
were
trans women and lesbians and uh people
of color whereas all the white men
were you know screening away so that
they could go back to their office jobs
the next day it's honestly homophobic
epitomizes
all of the negative stuff i've been
talking about in this video everything
that's in flop and honestly homophobic
is kind of right there in stonewall and
it's so weird that because stonewall
wanted to be the gay movie it wanted to
be you know the gay oscar movie and it
was just bad like not just the content
like badly it was badly made it was it
erased so many trans characters it
erased characters of color maybe with
the best intentions but roland
know your limitations don't try and win
an oscar speaking of oscars the favorite
which is going immediately into slay
because the favorite is one of the best
movies made in the last like 20 years it
is fantastic olivia coleman is just
iconic
in this movie i started watching it
knowing that everyone was kind of like
over the moon about it i didn't know
there were lesbians in it and i started
watching it i was like oh is this
are they
is it oh oh oh i adore olivia coleman
now i've always loved emma stone and
rachel vice and then olivia coleman
comes on the screen and it's just like
oh
this is magical the cinematography is
beautiful
and the costumes and everything and you
know i'll watch anything with nicholas
holt in it and him just being a dumbass
during the entire movie is great and
duck racing
have you ever seen ducks race
if it's in the movie you should see it
uh the kids are all right i'm gonna the
kids are all right is basically
um two lesbian moms are dealing with
kind of their kids
meeting their
biological father
and you know it's it's
it's fine
it's fine it's not like revolutionary or
anything the performances are good the
directing is good the script is good but
it's not like oh you have to rush out
and watch this right now unlike the next
movie the old guard which is absolutely
going into fierce because i would put it
in sleigh but the main characters aren't
queer but just watching the movie and
then suddenly there's two guys in the
background cuddling and then you have
this profession of love from one of them
and it's just like
from one of them to the other and it's
like oh my god i love this where has
this been in every action movie ever why
is this just happening now and the
action in it is unbelievable amazing
action again charlize thrawn because she
is ally supreme and i just i i loved it
it was fantastic i talked about it in
the yuri on ice video oddly and it's
just such a good movie the hilarious
thing was
nobody was talking about joe and nicki
being gay because although it is it's
obvious you know they have that scene
where they you know profess their love
to each other everything else in the
movie was so good and it's kind of this
you know gay people were talking about
joe and nicky but straight people were
like this movie's badass and it's like
hollywood see when you make a really
good movie and there are gay characters
in it and you don't make a big deal
about their being gay characters in it
they just exist like we do in real life
people don't make a big deal about their
being gay characters in it because the
people watch the movie and they're like
this is awesome and then you have
everyone saying this is an awesome movie
and then the bigots are too afraid to
get ripped apart on twitter so they
don't say anything bad about it
so
to certain studios who keep trying to
make their being gay characters in a
movie the biggest pressed tour event in
the world stop doing that next we have
some more much needed sapphic
representation with carol
which is not a happy movie by any means
but
really good and one of those movies
that's just like some of the best
performances i've ever seen from rooney
mara and
cate blanchett and it's so rare to see a
movie about queer people taking place in
that time frame in that you know that
late 50s early 60s kind of hoop skirt
housewife kind of era and to kind of
show just
what it was like
to be not just gay but to be a gay woman
at that time because you were a part of
two minorities that were basically
considered
powerless and worthless like women were
only good for making babies so if you
were a lesbian
well your one utility in the world was
gone so what's the use of you at all and
that's kind of the outlook that people
had at the time so being a lesbian was
really worse than being a gay man
because if you were a gay man at least
you could still you know
i don't know lift a
hammer and build something or something
like that but for lesbians it was like
you have no use to us you know the movie
does not shy away from saying that and
one of cate blanchett's best
performances
rent
2005.
when rent first came out it was like my
favorite movie ever because it came out
at a time i had just gotten my first
digital video camera and i was just
starting to make movies uh like movies
that i was actually editing and stuff i
started making movies when i was in the
sixth grade but i was in the 11th grade
at this time
and i had just gotten my first digital
video camera and i was making movies and
editing and experimenting and doing
stuff like that and the whole idea of no
but no day but today and be creative and
all of that just really
was very important to me and then i
watched it again
i didn't watch it for probably a decade
and i just had really fond memories of
it because
it came up came to me at a time in my
life that i have very fond memories of
because i'm a gay who has fond memories
of high school because i'm weird like
that because i watched lindsey ellis's
video tearing rent apart and i was like
no rent is amazing what are you talking
about you crazy woman what are you
talking about
and then i rewatched it and i was like
maybe i'm the crazy one when i watched
the movie originally i really identified
with mark and when i watched it the 10
years later i wanted to beat him with
that camera everything in it just i mean
just go watch lindsay's video on it and
i am eventually going to make a video
talking about rent because it is
necessary some of the musical numbers
are like supreme like awesome like
fantastic i love them i will put on take
me or leave me and i will belt for four
minutes straight but i've gotta put it
in flop because it is so much gen x
angst and as a millennial i can't i
cannot accept that anymore mark is
offered like a sixty thousand dollar a
year part-time job
filming videos and he quits
and this takes place in the late 80s
flop it's a flop but it was also a flop
at the box office so last but certainly
not least
angels in america talking about the
movie but also the play because there is
a pro-shot version of the play that you
can check out and it's totally worth it
because andrew garfield is in it and i
love andrew garfield angels in america
subtitled
a gay fantasia on national themes and
it's very gay it deals with a lot of
very kind of philosophical
things you know has god abandoned us
rise of the aids crisis questions of
identity it and and lots of gay
characters none of which are actually
played by gay actors i think but that's
fine because the movie is amazing it's
one of the rare
movies that is very willing to
say just how the reagan
administration was when it came to aids
it is as a movie the hbo movie it was
technically a mini series so it is six
hours long so it is a commitment but it
is worth every minute and you can watch
it in hour long chunks because it was
originally aired as six episodes so
angels in america
the last entry
in this tier making thing that i'm doing
is going into slay we're ending on a
high note instead of rent which would
not be ending on a high note despite it
being a musical and unlike rent which i
don't want to say completely ignored how
terrible aids was angels in america does
not shy away
from pointing out
how
horrible
the aids crisis was that it's not just
oh you get sick and eventually die
through the character of roy cohn and
through the character of prior walter
you see how horrible that diagnosis was
what it did to your body and why it
would kind of make you question the
existence of god and when you're kind of
in that situation where you're
questioning it and then literal angels
start coming to you you know what does
that do to your mindset but yeah so that
is the final tear i was expecting there
to be more flops and more homophobic
ones in there but i was feeling generous
the ones in sleigh bird cage bound
cabaret the life and death of marsha p
johnson disclosure everything everywhere
all at once hedvig in the angry inch
milk moonlight mulholland drive the
rocky horror picture show the favorite
and angels in america are absolutely
required viewing
and really everything in fierce is as
well
uh there's just some things in fierce
that kind of have a content warning that
go with them so yeah for everyone who's
been asking me what my favorite gay
movies are
there you go you know now and if you've
got some gay movies that aren't listed
here let me know in the comments below
because i would love to watch them
because i love expanding my knowledge of
gay cinema because most of my gay media
intake recently has been tv shows and
anime and so you know recommend the
anime and the tv shows as well
definitely recommend the movies because
maybe there's some good ones that i'm
missing there's definitely some bad ones
that aren't listed but that's not
because i forgot about them that's
because they weren't a part of the best
of lists that i drew from thank you guys
so much for watching like subscribe
share the video and if you have the
means to do it sign up for my patreon or
youtube membership
i promise i make it worthwhile i hope
you guys have a great week and i'll see
you again
when we talk about
attack on titan
oh boy